RUMM-2051 Android TV - get more information on action targets (#872)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: dd-sdk-android-tv/README.md

# Datadog Integration for Android TV applications

## Getting Started 

> To include the Datadog integration for AndroidTv in your project, simply add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include the Datadog integration for Android TV in your project, simply add the
```

following to your application's `build.gradle` file.

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:<latest-version>"
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android-tv:<latest-version>"
}
```

### Initial Setup

Before you can use the SDK, you need to setup the library with your application
context, your Client token and your Application ID. 
To generate a Client token and an Application ID please check **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications > New Application**
in the Datadog dashboard.

> To get more information in the RUM Action events for AndroidTV application you can provide the [LeanbackViewAttributesProvider][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get more information in the RUM Action events for Android TV application you can provide the [LeanbackViewAttributesProvider][1]
```

It is written as `Android TV` according to the official website https://www.android.com/tv/

when initializing the SDK.

> ```kotlin

Reviewer: Should we add language name header to the each of these 2 code snippets? Otherwise it may be unclear which language is behind.

    class SampleApplication : Application() {
        override fun onCreate() {
            super.onCreate()
            val configuration = Configuration.Builder(
                    logsEnabled = true,
                    tracesEnabled = true,
                    crashReportsEnabled = true,
                    rumEnabled = true
                )

>                 .useSite(DatadogSite.US3)

Reviewer 2: why are you showing the US3 site?

Author: It is just copy pasted from the others `README`, going to replace that.

# Datadog Integration for Android TV applications

## Getting Started 

> To include the Datadog integration for Android TV in your project, simply add the
> following to your application's `build.gradle` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To include the Datadog integration for Android TV in your project, add the following to your application's `build.gradle` file.
```

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:<latest-version>"
    implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android-tv:<latest-version>"
}
```

### Initial Setup

Before using the SDK, you need to setup the library with your application context, client token, and application ID.
 

> To generate a client token and an application ID, navigate to **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications and click [**New Application**][2].
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To generate a client token and an application ID, navigate to **UX Monitoring** > **RUM Applications** and click [**New Application**][2].

```

> Before you can use the SDK, you need to setup the library with your application
> context, your Client token and your Application ID. 
> To generate a Client token and an Application ID please check **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications > New Application**
> in the Datadog dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before using the SDK, you need to setup the library with your application context, client token, and application ID.
 
To generate a client token and an application ID, navigate to **UX Monitoring > RUM Applications and click [**New Application**][2].
```

> To get more information in the RUM Action events for Android TV application you can provide the [LeanbackViewAttributesProvider][1]
> when initializing the SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

To receive more information about RUM action events for Android TV applications, provide the [`LeanbackViewAttributesProvider`][1] when initializing the SDK.
```

> #### Kotlin

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Kotlin Example
```

```kotlin
    class SampleApplication : Application() {
        override fun onCreate() {
            super.onCreate()
            val configuration = Configuration.Builder(
                    logsEnabled = true,
                    tracesEnabled = true,
                    crashReportsEnabled = true,
                    rumEnabled = true
                )
                .useSite(DatadogSite.US1)
                .trackInteractions(touchTargetExtraAttributesProviders = arrayOf(LeanbackViewAttributesProvider()))
                .trackLongTasks(durationThreshold)
                .useViewTrackingStrategy(strategy)
                .build()
            val credentials = Credentials(<CLIENT_TOKEN>, <ENV_NAME>, <APP_VARIANT_NAME>, <APPLICATION_ID>)
            Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)
        }
    }
```

> #### Java

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Java Example
```

```java
public class SampleApplication extends Application {
    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        final Configuration configuration =
                new Configuration.Builder(true, true, true, true)
                        .trackInteractions(new ViewAttributesProvider[]{new LeanbackViewAttributesProvider()})
                        .trackLongTasks(durationThreshold)
                        .useViewTrackingStrategy(strategy)
                        .useSite(DatadogSite.US1)
                        .build();
        final Credentials credentials = new Credentials( < CLIENT_TOKEN >, <ENV_NAME >, <
        APP_VARIANT_NAME >, <APPLICATION_ID >);
        Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent);
    }
}
```

## Contributing

> Pull requests are welcome, but please open an issue first to discuss what you
> would like to change. For more information, read the 
> [Contributing Guide](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pull requests are welcome. Open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change. For more information, see our [Contributing Guide][4].
```

## License

> [Apache License, v2.0](../LICENSE)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Apache License, v2.0][5]
```

> [1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/dd-sdk-android tv/src/main/kotlin/com/datadog/android/tv/LeanbackViewAttributesProvider.kt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/dd-sdk-android-tv/src/main/kotlin/com/datadog/android/tv/LeanbackViewAttributesProvider.kt
```

> [1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/tree/master/dd-sdk-android-tv/src/main/kotlin/com/datadog/android/tv/LeanbackViewAttributesProvider.kt

Reviewer 3: The Contributing and License links do not work this way on the Docs site unfortunately. I also would like to verify that the .kt file link works?

```suggestion
[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/dd-sdk-android tv/src/main/kotlin/com/datadog/android/tv/LeanbackViewAttributesProvider.kt
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/application/create
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/dd-sdk-android-tv/README.md
[4]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/blob/master/LICENSE
```
